https://github.com/spotahome/redis-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/Redis-Operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/spark-on-k8s-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/radanalyticsio/spark-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/airflow-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/krallistic/kafka-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/mongodb/mongodb-enterprise-kubernetes.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/kbst/mongodb.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/Percona-Lab/percona-server-mongodb-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/upmc-enterprises/elasticsearch-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/galexrt/elasticsearch-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/vmware/kube-fluentd-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/upmc-enterprises/kong-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/banzaicloud/bank-vaults.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/ianlewis/memcached-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/instaclustr/cassandra-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/awslabs/aws-service-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: satisfied, owner_references_set: not satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: not satisfied, helm_chart_exists: satisfied 
https://github.com/kubeflow/tf-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubeflow/pytorch-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/kubeflow/mxnet-operator.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
https://github.com/bluek8s/kubedirector.git, crd_registered_in_helm_chart: not satisfied, owner_references_set: satisfied, kube_openapi_annotations_on_type_definitions: not satisfied, custom_resource_spec_validation: satisfied, helm_chart_exists: not satisfied 
